Event Tracking App
The event tracking app which I called ELogger was designed for user to log upcoming events dates and times. User will use the app to log an event which can be either a doctor appointment, an upcoming wedding, birthday party or time to take medications. 
 The app will use local database with two table, one to store events details, and another to store user’s login and password. The first screen will be the logging screen with a link to create an account if user don’t have one. It will also have a screen with grid that displays upcoming events, a mechanism to add, remove event from the database. A mechanism for user to enter time, general information of an events, and a system of notification on the days an event has been scheduled.
The screen and features that was necessary to support users was the event details page. It is built to list all upcoming event and is organized and order by date and time, so that close event will be listed on the top of the page.  One feature that will be added in the feature will be event history page. The design was successful because the layout which was plan very well.
How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
The process of building the application start from the requirements, after analyzing and planning what is going to be the application, the look and feel of the application, layout, button text, logo position. I made a sketch to visualize the application and made some changes. After I made a mock design of the application with colors added before I start designing the UI. I used MVC pattern. Model the data first and then work on the controllers for the logic. I think this approach work very well, and I plan to use it a lot in the future.
I approach the design by building one piece at a time and test it first before adding another feature so that I will not waste a lot of time and allow to make sure every part of the app is working.
Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
Displaying the database data to the UI was very challenging, and it were I struggled the most and spent a lot of time and made a lot of research. I went want read and re-read textbook, I read the android documentation to help me understand how I could put those two pieces together.
In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
Building the UI , the model and the and the data object model was very successful and I learn a lot about added contains for the UI component so they will position where I want them to be.
